Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap.
Today, I'm going to give you an overview of
the 2019 South Korean thriller film called
'Parasite'.
The plot revolves around an impoverished family
who devise a strategy to infiltrate a wealthy
family's residence by posing as unrelated,
highly qualified professionals.
Warning: there will be spoilers ahead, so
please proceed with caution.
The story revolves around the Kim family,
which includes the father (Ki-taek), the mother
(Chung-sook), and their two children: Ki-jung,
and Ki-woo.
They struggle to make ends meet in a cramped
semi-basement apartment with low-paying temporary
jobs as pizza box folders.
Min-hyuk, a university student and family
friend, presents the family with a scholar's
rock, which is said to bring good fortune.
As he prepares to study overseas, Ki-woo proposes
that he disguise himself as a university student
and take up his work as an English teacher
for Da-hye, the daughter of a very wealthy
family known as the Parks.
After meeting with the Park family and posing
as a Yonsei University student, Ki-woo succeeds
in impressing the mother and is hired to start
immediately.
The Kim family devises a strategy to secure
employment for each member of the family by
acting as unrelated and highly skilled professionals
in order to serve the Parks as servants.
Ki-jung impersonates 'Jessica' and works as
an art therapist for the Parks' little son,
Da-song, using Ki-Woo as a model.
Mr Park's driver, Yoon, is accused of having
sex in the car by Ki-jung, who subsequently
suggests Ki-taek to take his position.
Finally, Chung-sook takes over as the Parks'
housekeeper after the Kims utilise Mrs Park's
long-time maid, Moon-peach gwang's allergy,
to convince her that she has TB.
Ki-woo and Da-hye begin a covert love connection.
When the Parks leave on a camping trip, the
Kims enjoy the comforts of their home until
Moon-gwang comes at the door and informs Chung-sook
that she has forgotten something in the basement.
Moon-husband, gwang's Geun-sae, has been hiding
from loan sharks for almost four years, and
she finds a concealed entrance to an underground
bunker constructed by the architect and previous
owners.
Moon-gwang begs Chung-sook to help Geun-sae
stay in the bunker, but the eavesdropping
Kims inadvertently disclose themselves.
Moon-gwang records them on her phone and threatens
to tell the Parks about their ploy.
The Parks return home early owing to a heavy
downpour, and the Kims hurry to clean up the
house and control Moon-gwang and Geun-sae
before they arrive.
Geun-sae and Moon-gwang are cornered in the
bunker by the Kims.
Mrs Park tells Chung-sook about Da-seizure-inducing
song's horrific experience on his previous
birthday, when he saw a 'ghost' — really
Geun-sae — emerge from the basement late
at night.
Before the Kims can get out of the house,
they overhear Mr Park making snide remarks
about Ki-odor.
taek's The Kims' flat is flooded by sewage
water, forcing them to seek refuge in a gymnasium
with other displaced individuals.
The following day, Mrs Park, with the aid
of the Kim family, organises a party to celebrate
Da-song's birthday.
Meanwhile, In the basement, Geun-sae discovers
his wife's dead body, she had died from a
concussion she sustained during the previous
battle.
Ki-woo enters the basement with the scholar's
rock.
He is assaulted by Geun-sae, who bludgeons
his skull with the rock and flees, leaving
Ki-woo lying in a pool of blood.
Geun-sae escapes the basement, and upon seeing
the party, he grabs a kitchen knife and stabs
Ki-jung in order to revenge Moon-gwang.
While watching the chaos unfold before them,
the party attendees begin to panic.
When Da-song sees Geun-sae, he has another
seizure, and a fight ensues until Chung-sook
fatally impales Geun-sae with a barbeque skewer.
Mr Park instructs Ki-taek to drive Da-song
to the hospital, ignoring the fact that Ki-taek
is trying to assist Ki-jung who is now heavily
bleeding on the floor.
In the midst of the turmoil, failing to see
the severity of the situation, Mr Park has
a disgusted reaction to Geun-sae's body odour.
Ki-taek, enraged by Mr Park's lack of empathy,
seizes the knife and murders him.
After that, Ki-taek departs the scene, leaving
the rest of the Kim family behind.
Ki-woo is still recuperating from brain surgery
weeks later.
Both Ki-woo and Chung-sook were found guilty
of fraud and sentenced to probation.
Ki-jung is dead, and Ki-taek, who was wanted
by the police for the murder of Mr Park, has
not been located.
Geun-sae is thought to be a mentally ill homeless
guy, and neither he nor Ki taek's reasoning
for the stabbings have been revealed.
Meanwhile Ki-woo observes the Parks' home,
which has now been sold to a German family
that is oblivious of its past, and notices
a Morse code message from a flickering light.
Ki-taek, who gained access to the bunker through
the garage, buried Moon-gwang in the backyard
and now raids the kitchen at night and flickers
the light every day in the hopes of catching
the attention of Ki-woo.
Ki-woo writes a letter to Ki-taek, still living
with his mother in their original basement
flat, promising to work hard enough to one
day buy the home and reconcile with his father.
If you like this movie, click the link in
the description below to watch it today.
I hope you have enjoyed this video.
Hit the like button and subscribe for more
videos.
Have a great day ahead.